NPTEL
Hall Ticket For
National Programme on Technology 
Enhanced Learning
Hall ticket and Entry:
P.T.O.
(Signature of 
Candidate)
1.	
The Hall Ticket must be presented for verification along with one original photo identification (not photocopy or scanned 
copy). Examples of acceptable photo identification documents are School ID, College ID, Employee ID, Driving License, 
Passport, PAN card, Voter ID, and Aadhaar-ID. A printed copy of the hall ticket and original photo ID card should be brought 
to the exam centre. Hall ticket and ID card copies on the phone will not be permitted.
2.	
This Hall Ticket is valid only if the candidate’s photograph and signature images are legible. To ensure this, print the Hall 
Ticket on A4-sized paper using a laser printer, preferably a color photo printer.
3.	
TIMELINE: 1:00 pm - Report to the examination venue | 1:40 pm – Candidates will be permitted to occupy their allotted seats| 
1:50 pm – Candidates can login and start reading instructions prior to the examination | 2:00 pm - Exam starts | 		
	
2:30 pm - Gate closes, candidates will not be allowed after this time | 3:30 pm Submit button will be enabled | 5:00 pm exam 
ends.
Candidate Name
Roll No
Seating Number
Date of Birth
PwD Status
Compensatory 
Time Required
Scribe Required
Exam Date
Reporting Time
Gate Closure
Exam Timing
Shift
Test Centre Name
Test Centre Address
01:00 pm
02:30 pm
02:00 pm
AN
AFTERNOON
SESSION
(AN)
The total duration of the examination is 180 minutes.
Candidates will be permitted to leave the examination hall only after 03:30 pm, on a need basis.
NPTEL EXAM - 27 APRIL, 2025
General instructions for candidates - AN
(All timings mentioned here are in IST)
Sunday, 27 April, 2025
A Ritesh Reddy
NOC25CS22S647005050
09-08-2005
No
No
No
iON Digital Zone iDZ  Arunodaya Nagar
Plot No 9, Arunodaya Nagar, On Vijayawada Highway, Near Bhagyalatha Bus stop,
Hayathnagar, Ranga Reddy District, Hyderabad, Telangana, India - 500068
SEM1NOC25: CS22 Deep Learning for Natural Language Processing -
Online
47005050
Signature of the Candidate
4.	
Candidates will be permitted to appear for the examination ONLY after their credentials are verified by center officials.
5.	
Candidates are advised to locate the examination center at least a day prior to the examination, so that they can reach the 
center on time for the examination.
STATIONERY REQUIREMENTS:
•	
A4 sheets will be provided to candidates for rough work. Candidates have to write their name and registration number on the 
A4 Sheets before they start using it. The A4 sheets must be returned to the invigilator at the end of the examination.
•	
On-screen calculator will be available during the exam. Candidates are advised to familiarize themselves with this virtual 
Scientific calculator well ahead of the exam. 	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
Link: https://www.tcsion.com/OnlineAssessment/ScientificCalculator/Calculator.html
•	
You should bring your own pen/pencil; it will NOT be given at the examination centre.
DRESS CODE:
•	
Candidates are expected to come in professional attire to write the exams.
•	
Candidates wearing SHORTS will NOT be permitted inside the exam hall.
PERMITTED:
•	
You may bring non-electronic vehicle keys inside the exam hall.
•	
You are advised to carry your own drinking water in a transparent bottle.
•	
Candidates are allowed to bring sanitizer in a small transparent bottle.
NOT PERMITTED:
•	
Watches, wallets, mobile phones, Bluetooth devices, microphones, pagers, health bands or any other electronic gadgets, any 
printed/blank/handwritten paper, log tables, writing pads, scales, geometry/pencil-boxes, pouches, calculators, pen drives, 
electronic pens, handbags, goggles, electronic vehicle keys or similar such items are NOT allowed inside the examination 
centre. There may not be any facility for the safekeeping of these devices outside the examination hall; it will be prudent not 
to bring valuables to the examination center. Candidates will not be permitted to carry any food items in the exam centre. We 
suggest that you bring a bag to keep routine belongings outside the exam hall. Neither NPTEL nor the exam provider takes 
responsibility for the bag and the belongings. You may keep it outside at your own risk.
MANDATORY :
•	
Hall tickets have to be returned to the invigilator before leaving the exam hall. No paper can be taken out of the exam hall.
•	
Press the SUBMIT button on the computer after you have completed the exam.
IMPORTANT:
•	
A basic code of conduct during the exam should be followed, failing which, NPTEL reserves the right to take appropriate action.
•	
In case the exam is delayed due to any unforeseen circumstances, NPTEL will decide on the appropriate course of action as it 
deems fit.
AT THE EXAM CENTRE, IF YOU ENCOUNTER ANY ISSUES WITH RESPECT TO THE COMPUTER OR EXAM OFFICIALS, 
KINDLY CONTACT THE NPTEL EXAM REPRESENTATIVE, WHO WILL BE AVAILABLE AT THE CENTRE.
I HEREBY ACKNOWLEDGE THAT I HAVE READ, UNDERSTOOD AND AGREE TO FOLLOW THE ABOVE MENTIONED 
INSTRUCTIONS.
